docs: Fix broken link on Getting Started Tutorial (#468)
ash-project/ash: documentation/tutorials/get-started.md

#### Persist your data

> See {{link:ash_postgres:library|AshPostgres}} to see how to back your resources with Postgres. This is highly recommended, as the Postgres data layer provides tons of advanced capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See {{link:ash_postgres:guide:Get Started With Postgres|AshPostgres}} to see how to back your resources with Postgres. This is highly recommended, as the Postgres data layer provides tons of advanced capabilities.
```
